docs: release 2.12.0 CHANGES and version (#1169)
canonical/operator: CHANGES.md

# 2.12.0 - 28 Mar 2024

## Features

* feat(Model): support credential-get hook tool in both model and harness (#1152)
* feat(Harness): add some support for user secrets (#1167)

## Fixes

> * fix: add_relation consistency check and default network (#1138)
> * fix(framework): add warning on lost observer weakref (#1142)
> * fix(pebble)!: change select=all to users=all for pebble get_notices (#1146)
> * fix: inspect the correct signature when validating observe arguments (#1147)
> * fix(harness): don't error out when attempting attaching storage before begin (#1150)
> * fix(model): change model.relation.app type from optional to mandatory (#1151)
> * fix(pebble): catch socket.timeout exception in pebble.Client.exec() (#1155)
> * fix(Harness): remove special-casing for `get_relation` in leader-elected (#1156)

Reviewer: Same here.

```suggestion
* Update Pebble Notices `get_notices` parameter name to `users=all` (previously `select=all`) (#1146)
* Warn when an observer weakref is lost (#1142)
* More robust validation of observer signatures (#1147)
* Change `Model.relation.app` type from `Application|None` to `Application` (#1151)
* Fix attaching storage in Harness before `begin` (#1150)
* Fixed an issue where `pebble.Client.exec` might leak a `socket.timeout` (`builtins.TimeoutError`) exception (#1155)
* Add a consistency check and default network to `add_relation` (#1138)
* Don't special-case `get_relation` behaviour in `leader-elected` (#1156)
* Accept `type: secret` for config options (#1167)
```

> ## Documentation

Reviewer: We should not lose the refactoring section.

```suggestion
## Refactoring

* Refactor main.py, creating a new `_Manager` class (#1085)

## Documentation
```

> * docs: use 'integrate with' rather than 'relate to' (#1145)
> * docs(testing): update code samples in ops.testing from unittest to pytest style (#1157)
> * docs: adjust change log entries, and update HACKING.md to match (#1159)
> * docs: update read the docs to canonical starter pack (#1163, #1164, #1165)
> * docs(Harness): add a paragraph on peer relations in add_relation (#1168)

Reviewer: Again, no need to say "docs" when the heading does that for us:

```suggestion
* Use "integrate with" rather than "relate to" (#1145)
* Updated code examples in the docstring of `ops.testing` from unittest to pytest style (#1157)
* Add peer relation details in `Harness.add_relation` docstring (#1168)
* Update Read the Docs Sphinx Furo theme to use Canonical's latest styling (#1163, #1164, #1165)
```

I also think that the changelog change is too meta to have in the changelog.

## Tooling

> * chore: Refactor main.py to add a new _Manager class (#1085)

Reviewer: I think this is better in "Refactoring". However, "chore" is the name we use in the commits, so I'm ok with getting pushback on that.

> * chore: adjust version number to work on the 2.12.0 release (#1141)
> * chore: adjust the imports so that both ruff and isort pass (#1143)

Reviewer: I don't think these should be included in the changelog.

```suggestion
```
